cloud: add billing profile (#9531)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes-2022.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## July 12, 2022

> * Add the **Validate** button to the **Data Import Task** page for AWS S3, which helps you detect data access issues before the data import starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the **Validate** button to the **Data Import Task** page for Amazon S3, which helps you detect data access issues before the data import starts.
```

> * Add **Billing Profile** under the **Payment Method** tab. By providing your tax registration number in **Billing Profile**, your invoice might be exempt from paying certain taxes.

Author: ```suggestion
* Add **Billing Profile** under the **Payment Method** tab. By providing your tax registration number in **Billing Profile**, certain taxes might be exempt from your invoice.
```

> * Add **Billing Profile** under the **Payment Method** tab. By providing your tax registration number in **Billing Profile**, the collection of certain taxes might get exempted from your invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add **Billing Profile** under the **Payment Method** tab. By providing your tax registration number in **Billing Profile**, your invoice might be exempt from paying certain taxes.
```
